hi guys welcome to another boss kill
with your boy Jake Lipp right now we're
going to check out this guy called
racking off he's shortly after his Gattu
and unfortunately across he's a lot more
difficult this fight is another type of
gear check when you need to have good
gear else as possible just one shot now
that movie just did there when he
basically just tell afforded in and hit
me that move is going to kill you unless
you have a lot of resists health and
force are you need to run that now
here's the thing if you don't have the
gear this boss is still doable what you
need to do is you need to take the job
the familiar glyph called ancient
Guardian and it gives you a damaged
absorb when you're below thirty five
percent help if you were going to get
killed when you're below thirty five
percent health you will it'll block an
attack every six seconds so if you uh if
you run that and you don't have light
friggin and you have low HP you can
still beat this fight with uh like not
enough gear to survive his hits but that
would probably be kind of a pain in the
ass I wanted to try it but I have too
much light free gentle my gear so I
couldn't do it give life for Jenny won't
work so this guy he mainly just teleport
saying that's the only attack you have
to worry about and that he shoots out
these like blade things just get away
from them for those and then the other
thing that is kind of a pain is the fact
that he summons those little tongue
dudes so just try to have some arcane
power i use orbs i use arcane power and
i try to blow these up with warmth right
as soon as they show up and yeah just
keep if you ever leave the screen and
you don't know where this dude is throw
on crystal skin he's probably gonna pop
in and ambush your shit other than that
just keep keep staying at full HP you
never won't have low HP because he he
will probably kick your ass but if you
run force armor and have 26 fats he will
only eat four thirty percent max like
he's doing to me so it's not too bad
and just keep your health fought sup I
run teleport just to keep them away when
I do it against these ads here they kind
of don't know whether to go for me of
those clones that's helpful obviously
Hydra for the damage is seeking missile
just to poke the boss down and yep
that's pretty much it just hopefully he
doesn't kill you with his uh his ambush
move and then you should have them all
right guys the wreck and I'll fight is
all about surviving is damaged so you
want to be as tough as possible four
main skills i'm going to take seeker
missile and tap source over but i want
the orbits it just burst down the the
tongue adds fracture teleport is good
for me for getting away from racking off
as well it's distracting the ads and
making them go for clones venom hydra
just for damage as usual just leave that
on rack and off he doesn't move around
that much crystal shell the block as
much damage as possible without force
armor he will hit you for way too much
and my passes are mostly for surviving
I'm going to reduce cooldowns have
illusionist so I can just teleport away
and blur so I take twenty percent less
damage the key to beating this fight is
simply being able to survive his his
teleporting attack if you can survive is
teleporting attack it shouldn't be a
problem and even if you can't I've heard
of people that can kill it by using the
arcane let me show you a real quick
familiar with ancient Guardian when
you're below thirty five percent life
the familiar will absorb one attack
every six seconds as long as you don't
get killed by the ads you can actually
use this to kill them as long as you
don't have light for general so alright
guys thanks for checking the video out J
flips signing out peace